You fool
Mr. Lu is my noble
You chased him away
How is it possible for Mr. Wang?
He's a country man
Now go find a way to pick someone up immediately
If you can't find it
You don't want to stay in the real estate industry in Lecheng in the future
Go!
I'm on my way.
Can't live without coming with me
Little demon, why are you not in a hurry?
What am I in a hurry?
They lost a big client like me.
They should be in a hurry.
I find that my temper has become a lot recently.
And it seems
It seems that there is a kind of only in Da Lao
There is temperament on the board
Why is this bad?
No long-winded no long-winded
I finally know
Good, put me by your side and protect me
Or I'm dead
This gentleman
May I ask if you are excited?
Now I want to ask you
Were you at President Guo's side some time ago?
30 million